# ISIS TC Meeting July 8, 2021 @1PM PDT & MST / 4PM EDT

## [Teams Link](https://teams.microsoft.com/dl/launcher/launcher.html?url=%2f_%23%2fl%2fmeetup-join%2f19%3ameeting_YWRkZjdiMGUtZWJlOC00OWMzLThlMTItZTk0Y2MyM2E1MWE0%40thread.v2%2f0%3fcontext%3d%257b%2522Tid%2522%253a%25220693b5ba-4b18-4d7b-9341-f32f400a5494%2522%252c%2522Oid%2522%253a%2522c27c6e98-e45a-45ff-aea5-7f10d6fe67c1%2522%257d%26anon%3dtrue&type=meetup-join&deeplinkId=e54b3969-3c7f-4efb-9cad-ee99cf639f86&directDl=true&msLaunch=true&enableMobilePage=true&suppressPrompt=true)

### Attending

- Lauren Adoram-Kershner
- Andrew Annex
- Kris Becker
- Ross Beyer
- Jay Laura

## Agenda / Notes

- Discussion of LTS issues, light review of 2021-06-10 developer notes.
	- Agreement that more parties need to be present to reach consensus and/or further 
      discussion, tabled to next meeting.

- Versioning & Breaking Changes
	- Discussion on this topic
	- Discussion of [Issue #140](https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS_TC/issues/140)
	- Right now, the PR committers/reviewers determine what is "breaking" or not, which
      is appropriate, but they don't have guidelines to help with that determination.
    - In order to move this topic forward, Ross will draft a set of guidelines that we
      will discuss at the next TC meeting.

- JPEG2000 RFC issued
	- On [Astrodiscuss](https://astrodiscuss.usgs.gov/t/rfc-7-evaluate-use-of-jpeg2000-in-isis/713)


## Discussions for next meeting

- More discussion of LTS issues


## Action Items

- Ross will draft a position on "Breaking Changes" for us to vote on at next meeting.

## Next Meeting

- August 12th @ 1pm MST
